



Printopdracht: Alle documenten: 1-2325
Tijdstip printopdracht: Wed Sep  7 12:33:59  2011

Verzenden naar:

VRIJE UNIVERSITEIT
DE BOELELAAN 1103
AMSTERDAM, NLD 1081HV


Zoektermen: (((Japan OR Fukushima) AND (Erdbeben OR nuklear OR Tsunami OR Krise
OR Katastrophe OR Tepco))  AND date(geq(7/3/2011) AND leq(31/8/2011)) AND
pub(Börsen Zeitung OR  Frankfurter Rundschau OR  taz OR  die tageszeitung))


Bron: German Language News
Project ID:





                              1 of 4 DOCUMENTS



                                 Börsen-Zeitung

                            Mittwoch 31. August 2011

This is a headline;
with a byline. The article contains unicode characters.

AUTOR: MF Tokio

RUBRIK: S. 7 Ausg. 167

LÄNGE: 306 Wörter

Im Juli ist Japans wirtschaftliche Erholung leicht ins Stocken geraten. Die
Arbeitslosenrate stieg überraschend um 0,1 Punkte auf 4,7 %. Die Zahl der
Arbeitslosen erhöhte sich um 50 000 auf 2,92 Millionen. Gleichzeitig gingen die
Verbraucherausgaben, die 60 % der Wirtschaftsleistung ausmachen, um real 2,1 %
zum Vorjahr zurück. Zudem lagen die Umsätze im Einzelhandel nur um 0,7 % über
dem Vorjahr (Juni: + 1,2 %). Das war etwa halb so viel wie erwartet.

Trotzdem gehen Analysten von einem Aufschwung im weiteren Jahresverlauf aus.

Da das Wirtschaftsministerium eine steigende Industrieproduktion im Juli und
August vorhersagt, sollte sich dies positiv auf die Beschäftigung auswirken.

UPDATE: 2. September 2011

SPRACHE: GERMAN; DEUTSCH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Zeitung


Copyright 2011 Herausgebergemeinschaft Wertpapier-Mitteilungen Keppler, Lehmann
                                 GmbH & Co. KG
                            Alle Rechte Vorbehalten


                              2 of 4 DOCUMENTS


                                 Börsen-Zeitung

                            Dienstag 30. August 2011

Euro-Schuldenkrise belastet DZ Bank;
Millionen-Wertberichtigung auf Griechenland-Papiere - Zentralinstitut erwartet
Gewinnrückgang im Gesamtjahr

AUTOR: STO Frankfurt

RUBRIK: S. 5 Ausg. 166

LÄNGE: 818 Wörter

This is an article with a single line at its start.

Die Zuspitzung der Euro-Schuldenkrise hat bei der DZ Banknegativ ins Kontor
geschlagen. Die Bestände an griechischen Staatsanleihen wurden um 243 Mill.

Euro nach unten korrigiert. Operativ lief das Geschäft imersten Halbjahr 2011
allerdings rund, wie Vorstandsvorsitzender Wolfgang Kirsch im Interview der
betont. Für das Gesamtjahr zeigt er sich vorsichtig: Der Konzern werde hinter
dem Gewinn des Vorjahres von 1,6 Mrd. Euro zurückbleiben. Die DZ Bank Gruppe hat
im ersten Halbjahr 2011 den Gewinn vor Steuern im Vergleich zur Vorjahresperiode
um 3,6 % auf 638 Mill. Euro gesteigert. Dies sei "in einem volatilen und
herausfordernden Umfeld" gelungen, wie das genossenschaftliche Zentralinstitut
mitteilte. Die operativen Erträge kletterten um 5,1 % auf 2,1 Mrd. Euro. "Dieses
gute Ergebnis bestätigt uns in unserer konsequenten Ausrichtung auf die
Bedürfnisse der Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken", sagte Vorstandsvorsitzender
Wolfgang Kirsch.

Dem guten Geschäftsverlauf hätten allerdings spürbar negative Entwicklungen an
den Kapitalmärkten gegenüber gestanden. Insbesondere die Verschuldungssituation
in einigen Euroländern habe sich durch Bewertungsabschläge der entsprechenden
Anleihen bemerkbar gemacht. Wegen des prinzipiell vereinbarten teilweisen
Forderungsverzichts der Banken gegenüber Griechenland nahm die DZ Bank
Wertkorrekturen auf griechische Staatsanleihen im Umfang von 243 Mill. Euro vor.
Damit geht sie über die von Wirtschaftsprüfern empfohlene Abschreibung von 21 %
hinaus, indem Marktpreise bei der Bewertung berücksichtigt worden seien, wie
Kirsch im Interview der ausführte (siehe unten). Dies sei nach einem
konservativen Ansatz erfolgt. "Wir hoffen aber, von unseren Abschlägen einen
guten Teil wieder zurückschreiben zu können", sagte Kirsch. Der Gesamtbetrag
belastet mit 216 Mill. Euro das Ergebnis aus Finanzanlagen und mit 27 Mill. Euro
das Ergebnis im Versicherungsgeschäft.

Mit weiteren Belastungen aus griechischen Papieren rechnet Kirsch nicht.

Zugleich hofft er, dass auch aus anderen überschuldeten Euroländern keine
Wertminderungen mehr für die DZ Bank ins Haus stehen und glaubt an einen
glimpflichen Ausgang der Krise. "Wir sehen . . . gute Chancen, dass Europa aus
dieser akuten Krise letztlich gestärkt hervorgeht und auf dem Weg entsprechende
institutionelle Spielregeln und Sanktionsmechanismen schafft", betonte der
Vorstandsvorsitzende im Interview. Gleichwohl reduzierte die Bank ihre Risiken
gegenüber Staat und Wirtschaft in Portugal, Italien, Irland, Griechenland und
Spanien binnen sechs Monaten von 23,2 auf 19,5 Mrd. Euro per Ende Juni 2011.

Flott voran im Kreditgeschäft

Operativ sei das Geschäft bei allen Töchtern in den ersten sechs Monaten rund
gelaufen, sagte Kirsch. Dies sei in einem solchen Umfeld viel wert und zeige die
Überlegenheit der Aufstellung als verbundfokussierte Allfinanzgruppe.

Selbst das Sorgenkind DG Hyp verdient den Angaben Kirschs zufolge operativ
bereits Geld, was allerdings durch den Abbau im Staatsfinanzierungsgeschäft
überlagert werde. Flott voran ging es für die DZ Bank im Kreditgeschäft. Der
Zinsüberschuss erhöhte sich um 19,4 % auf 1,5 Mrd. Euro. Das
Gemeinschaftskreditgeschäft mit den Volks- und Raiffeisenbanken sei weiter
ausgebaut worden. Rückläufig zeigte sich dagegen der Provisionsüberschuss, der
mit 493 Mill. Euro um 9,2 % schlechter ausfiel. Hier wirkten sich höhere
Provisionsaufwendungen im Bausparneugeschäft der Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall
aus.

Das Handelsergebnis, das von 528 auf 362 Mill. Euro absackte, litt unter den
drastisch gestiegenen Bonitätsspreads der Staats- und Bankanleihen. Das Ergebnis
aus Finanzanlagen verbesserte sich trotz der Wertkorrekturen auf griechische
Staatspapiere um 24,5 % auf 231 Mill. Euro. Hier machte sich der weiter
planmäßig voranschreitende Abbau des Portfolios aus Asset Backed Securities
(ABS) auf 13,6 Mrd. Euro zur Jahresmitte 2011 nach 15,7 Mrd. Euro per Ultimo
2010 positiv bemerkbar. Das Ergebnis aus dem Versicherungsgeschäft, das um 32,9
% im Vorjahresvergleich auf 100 Mill. Euro zurückging, litt unter dem
schwierigen Marktumfeld, den Erdbeben in Japan und Neuseeland und den
Wertberichtigungen bei den Hellas-Bonds.

Der Verwaltungsaufwand erhöhte sich um 6,6 % auf 1,3 Mrd. Euro. Neben höheren
Aufwendungen für die neu aufgestellte DZ Privatbank belastete die deutsche
Bankenabgabe mit 19 Mill. Euro. Für das Gesamtjahr rechnet die DZ Bank mit einer
Belastung aus dieser Abgabe von 39 Mill. Euro. Die Kernkapitalquote verbesserte
sich seit Ende 2010 um 0,9 Punkte auf zuletzt 11,5 %.

Wegen der gestiegenen Unsicherheit an den Märkten und des eingetrübten
konjunkturellen Umfelds mit schlechteren Aussichten auch für Deutschland
erwartet die DZ Bank Gruppe für das Gesamtjahr 2011 ein geringeres Ergebnis als
im Vorjahr. Dies gelte insbesondere bei einer weiteren Verschärfung der
Schuldenkrise in Europa. 2010 waren vor Steuern 1,6 Mrd. Euro verdient worden.

UPDATE: 1. September 2011

SPRACHE: GERMAN; DEUTSCH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Zeitung


Copyright 2011 Herausgebergemeinschaft Wertpapier-Mitteilungen Keppler, Lehmann
                                 GmbH & Co. KG
                            Alle Rechte Vorbehalten


                              3 of 4 DOCUMENTS


                                   Le Figaro


                                  17 mai 2003

A quelques mois de l'élargissement de l'Union, la rencontre des réalisateurs et
des ministres de la Culture;
Le cinéma européen des Vingt-Cinq

AUTEUR: Sophie LATIL

RUBRIQUE: CULTURE

LONGUEUR: 543 mots


Tandis que Matrix Reloaded débarquait avec ses hommes en noir sur la Croisette,
sûr d'un retentissement médiatique digne d'entrer dans la légende, Gilles Jacob,
le président du Festival, accueillait jeudi Viviane Reding, commissaire
européenne à l'Education et à la Culture, pour la Journée du cinéma européen,
destinée à confirmer le soutien de l'Europe à la création et à l'industrie
audiovisuelles.

A quelques mois de l'élargissement de l'Union européenne, les ministres de la
Culture des Quinze mais également ceux des nouveaux pays adhérents étaient
invités à rencontrer des artistes européens, tels les frères Dardenne, Danis
Tanovic, Jan Sverak, Wolfgang Becker, Patrice Chéreau et Wim Wenders.

Les nouveaux enjeux et les perspectives du cinéma européen, la place du cinéma
dans nos économies et nos sociétés, la distribution des films, le rôle des
politiques de soutien, la nécessité de la diversité culturelle : autant de
questions qui ont été abordées tout au long de la matinée.

' C'est un esprit de famille qui nous a tous rassemblés, a précisé Viviane
Reding. Le souhait commun est d'envisager une politique offensive et non pas
défensive. Le cinéma européen possède des talents extraordinaires. Il doit
devenir plus populaire. Mais il faut se donner les moyens de le défendre et de
le subventionner. '

Une priorité sera donnée à la formation des jeunes. ' Il faut les sensibiliser
au septième art et leur apprendre à regarder un film, a expliqué la commissaire
européenne. Nous sommes face à une génération de zappeurs. Or il faut de la
patience et de l'amour pour s'intéresser au cinéma des autres. ' Cinedays, la
Semaine du cinéma paneuropéen, mobilisera à nouveau cinémathèques, télévisions
et écoles du 10 au 24 octobre prochain.

Essentiel également pour parvenir à élargir le marché : permettre une meilleure
circulation des films. ' Il ne suffit pas pour un film grec d'être distribué en
Grèce ni pour un film bosniaque d'être distribué en Bosnie, explique Viviane
Reding. L'Europe doit devenir un unique territoire où le film doit être vu. '

Ainsi, après East Is East, de Damien O'Donnel, en 2000 ; Une liaison
pornographique, de Frédéric Fonteyne (2001) et No Man's Land, de Danis Tanovic
(2002), The Magdalene Sisters, de Peter Mullan, vient de recevoir le prix Média
de l'Union européenne remis au film qui a été distribué dans le plus grand
nombre de pays et qui a fait le plus grand nombre de spectateurs. Consacré lion
d'or de la Mostra de Venise en 2002, ce film écossais, qui dénonce le traitement
cruel infligé à des jeunes filles dans des couvents catholiques en Irlande, a
voyagé, pour le moment, dans douze pays et rassemblé plus d'un million de
spectateurs, dont six cent mille en Italie.

Jean-Jacques Allaigon, le ministre français de la Culture, a tenu à préciser que
tous s'étaient trouvés ' attachés à l'ensemble des principes qui fondent, en
Europe, l'exception culturelle qui, elle, soutient puissamment le principe de la
diversité culturelle '. Et, tandis que les projections de Matrix Reloaded
s'enchaînaient au Palais, le ministre d'ajouter : ' Il ne faut pas interpréter
cette journée comme une capitulation du cinéma européen face au cinéma
américain. L'événement de la journée, ce sera, ce soir, le film de Raoul Ruiz. '

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 04 novembre 2003

LANGUE: FRENCH; FRANÇAIS

TYPE-PUBLICATION: Quotidien

CODE-REVUE: FIGARO


                            Copyright 2003 Le Figaro
                               All rights reserved


                              4 of 4 DOCUMENTS


                                    Le Monde


                                  30 août 2002

Une Mostra voulue et subie par la droite (a single-line headline)

AUTEUR: ROUARD DANIELLE

RUBRIQUE: Culture

LONGUEUR: 545 mots


Le limogeage, fin mars, d'Alberto Barbera, directeur général de la Mostra de
Venise, et son remplacement, pour la première fois dans les annales, par un
étranger, le Suisse Moritz de Hadeln, avait à l'époque provoqué une violente
polémique. La majorité gouvernementale de droite, lassée de ces artistes qui
voient tout en rouge, avait alors conduit quelques investigations
supplémentaires, allant jusqu'à proposer la fonction à Martin Scorsese. Mais ce
dernier a rétorqué qu'il était trop occupé.

La communauté des réalisateurs italiens s'était mobilisée pour défendre
l'indépendance de son festival, mise en péril selon elle par cette volonté de
mainmise de la coalition de Silvio Berlusconi. Gillo Pontecorvo, le réalisateur
de la Bataille d'Alger, comme Giovanna Melandri, ancienne ministre de la
culture, avaient publiquement exprimé leur désapprobation du fait que l'on n'ait
pas réussi à trouver un Italien pour le poste de directeur général.

Chez les cinéastes de droite, les critiques ont été aussi nombreuses: ainsi
Franco Zeffirelli regrettait que Moritz de Hadeln se soit affirmé par le passé à
la tête des festivals de Locarno puis de Berlin, comme un homme d'une grande
indifférence pour le cinéma italien.

CLIMAT APAISE

Cinq mois plus tard, le festival dit du Polo, du nom de la coalition
berlusconienne, s'ouvre dans un climat apparemment apaisé. Les médias n'ont
guère nourri ces derniers jours la polémique née en mars. Certaines
personnalités du monde du cinéma attendent patiemment de voir les films qui vont
être projetés et beaucoup reconnaissent le travail de titan accompli par le
nouveau directeur qui, en un délai très bref, a su boucler une programmation de
haut niveau. Ils ont déjà constaté, à la lecture de la liste des films en
compétition, que certains thèmes abordés avaient de quoi faire frémir les durs
de la droite italienne, qu'ils soient issus de la xénophobe Ligue du Nord ou de
l'Alliance nationale post- fasciste.

Alberto Crespi, dans les colonnes du quotidien de gauche L'Unità daté du 28
aout, détaille avec minutie ces sagas mettant en scène des personnages qui sont
souvent présentés en Italie comme des ennemis de la Péninsule.

Il nous plairait par exemple, écrit Crespi, de voir la tête d'Umberto Bossi
leader de la Ligue et numéro 3 du gouvernementù devant Dirty Pretty Things, de
Stephen Frears, The Tracker, de Rolf de Heer et Un monde presque paisible, de
Michel Deville (...). La droite au gouvernement dit que cette Mostra est sienne
et que le temps des communistes est révolu. Délires à part, demain le rideau se
lève, et que gagne le cinéma/

La longue interview donnée au Corriere della sera le 24 aout par Moritz de
Hadeln trouve grâce aux yeux d'Alberto Crespi qui apprécie le franc-parler du
directeur général dans ses critiques des mystères bureaucratiques de la Biennale
dont dépend le festival de cinéma.

Il se comporte comme un entraîneur qui voudrait se faire remercier de son
président, note Alberto Crespi. Moritz de Hadeln ne semble effectivement guère
s'occuper d'un renouvellement de son mandat. Il affirme que sa seule exigence au
moment de son entrée en fonctions a été d'avoir les mains totalement libres. Il
les a eues, regrettant pourtant que la Mostra n'en finisse par de mourir et de
renaître de ses cendres.

DATE-CHARGEMENT: 24 octobre 2003

LANGUE: FRENCH; FRANÇAIS

TYPE-PUBLICATION: Journal

CODE-REVUE: MONDE


                            Copyright 2002 Le Monde
                               All rights reserved


                               1 of 204 DOCUMENTS


                                  AAP Newsfeed

                     January 20, 2009 Tuesday 8:27 PM AEST

Highlights of the AAP world wire at 20:00 Jan 20

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 376  words

DATELINE: BANGKOK Jan 20


  A leading Thai human rights lawyer says there are grounds for optimism a
royal pardon for Australian writer Harry Nicolaides will be granted once the
30-day appeal process to the jail sentence is over. (NICOLAIDES LAWYER sent at
20:17, 495 words.)

MID: Calm reigns in Gaza ahead of UN chief's visit
   GAZA CITY, Jan 20 AFP - Israel and Hamas observed their Gaza truce for a
third day on Tuesday ahead of a planned visit by UN chief Ban Ki-moon to the
war-battered enclave where Israeli troops remain deployed. (MIDEAST Wrap sent
at 20:05, 612 words.)
PAC: Fiji's military leader to miss regional summit
   pls use as a PNG Fiji wrap, & add in line/s from Aust foreign minister (PNG
Fiji Aust) - mn (PNG FIJI Wrap sent at 19:57, 481 words.)
MID: As ceasefire holds, Gazans take stock of losses
   GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, Jan 20 AP - Gaza's only cement packing factory is now
a giant scrap heap, its towering silo tilting precariously. The owner's villa
was pounded by Israeli tank shells until it resembled Swiss cheese. (MIDEAST
DAMAGE sent at 19:04, 894 words.)
CAM: Guantanamo suspects defiant as uncertainty shrouds hearings
   GUANTANAMO BAY US NAVAL BASE, Cuba, Jan 20 AFP - Five suspects accused of
plotting the September 11 attacks were defiant at pretrial hearings as the US
war on terror camp and its special military tribunals faced an uncertain
future. (GUANTANAMO Wrap sent at 18:01, 731 words.)
CIS: Russia, Ukraine sign gas deal, end standoff
   MOSCOW, Jan 20 AP - Russia and Ukraine pledged to restore natural gas
supplies to Europe after signing deals to end a bitter dispute that led to a
chilling two-week cutoff of shipments. (UKRAINE GAS Wrap sent at 16:55, 822
words.). Second Wrap to come.
PAC: Scared hiker survived on Weetbix for a week
   AUCKLAND, Jan 20 AAP - A helicopter has rescued a lone Adelaide hiker who
survived nine days in a hut in rugged New Zealand bush country on just muesli
bars and Weetbix. (NZ HIKER sent at 15:28, 317 words.)
MID: Calm reigns in Gaza ahead of visit by UN chief
   GAZA CITY, Jan 20 AFP - Tension eased in Gaza early on Tuesday as a fragile
ceasefire entered its third day, with residents struggling to absorb the
devastation caused by Israel's deadly 22-day assault. (MIDEAST Update sent at
14:42, 708 words.)

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2009 Australian Associated Press Pty. Ltd.

                               1 of 204 DOCUMENTS

                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday
                               1 - State Edition

Ask Israel, too

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 89  words


RABBI Yossi Engel (The Advertiser, yesterday) poses an excellent question when
he asks: Why has Hamas fired rockets at Israel for eight years?

Has he considered that Gazans might not be happy about the way they have been
imprisoned in a small area of land with borders sealed and have been made
dependent on a capricious and cruel Israeli Government for essential services
like water, food and power?

It could also be because of the Israeli defence forces' daily military
incursions into the Gaza Strip.

MARGARET CASSAR, Westbourne Park.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 2218 DOCUMENTS


                          Xinhua General News Service

                      January 16, 2009 Friday 9:25 PM EST

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Political

LENGTH: 10 words


FLASH: UN GENERAL ASSEMBLY ADOPTS RESOLUTION ON GAZA CEASEFIRE

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire



                             1109 of 2218 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           January 10, 2009 Saturday

Gaza outcry

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Credit: Sam Tsang; A protester holds a placard showing US President
George W. Bush and a Palestinian baby injured in the attacks by Israel on the
Gaza Strip during a protest by hundreds of Pakistani demonstrators outside the
Kowloon Mosque yesterday. They were among the first in Hong Kong to join global
rounds of anti-Israel demonstrations since the conflict erupted 14 days ago.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved



                               1 of 204 DOCUMENTS

                                      CNN

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday

                     SHOW: LOU DOBBS THIS WEEK 7:00 PM EST

Califronia Budget Crisis; Obama Appeals for Stimulus

BYLINE: Lou Dobbs, Candy Crowley, Ed Henry, Jessica Yellin, Bill Tucker, Casey
Wian, Jacqui Jeras, Don Lemon, Ines Ferre, Louise Schiavone

GUESTS: Ann Coulter, Hank Sheinkopf, Ed Rollins, Errol Louis

SECTION: NEWS; International

LENGTH: 12567  words



HIGHLIGHT: California struggles to solve its budget woes. Barack Obama wants
another round of stimulus, but will he get it?


LOU DOBBS, HOST: Tonight: President-elect Obama making a direct appeal for
Congress and the public to support a huge economic stimulus package. Will the
president-elect sell his plan successfully to Republicans and Democrats?

And you won't believe what Governor Schwarzenegger in California is proposing
now to tackle his state's worsening budget crisis. We'll have that report, a
great deal more from an independent perspective -- straight ahead here tonight.

ANNOUNCER: This is LOU DOBBS THIS WEEK: News, debate and opinion. Here now: Lou
Dobbs.

DOBBS: Good evening, everybody.

President-elect Obama, this week, warned that recession could last for years
unless Congress passes his huge stimulus package. And the president-elect said
it's time to end the culture of anything goes and it's time to put the national
interests first.

One day after the president-elect's appeal, more evidence of that worsening
economy. Unemployment is soaring to 7.2 percent in December. That is the worst
unemployment rate in 16 years.

Candy Crowley reports on the president-elect's political challenge.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

CANDY CROWLEY, CNN SR. POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): His inspirational
campaign rhetoric has turned into an apocalyptic sales job.

BARACK OBAMA, PRESIDENT-ELECT: For every day we wait or point fingers or drag
our feet, more Americans will lose their jobs, and our nation will sink deeper
into a crisis that at some point we may not be able to reverse.


A CNN special presentation "Madoff: Secrets of a Scandal" starts right now.
CHRISTINE ROMANS, CNN HOST: Call it the scandal that rocked Wall Street, shook
up Main Street and caused financial tremors around the world. We aren't just
talking millions. Bernard Madoff's alleged ponzi scheme caused folks around the
world billions. You may have heard the headlines, it's time now to dig deeper
into the depths of "Madoff: Secret of a Scandal."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TRANSCRIPT: 011101CN.V12

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Show

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript



                             827 of 2087 DOCUMENTS


                 Copyright 2009 Chattanooga Publishing Company


                      

            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                            718 of 2087 DOCUMENTS


                               City News Service

  No City News Service material may be republished without the express written
                   permission of the City News Service, Inc.

                     January 14, 2009 Wednesday 6:49 PM PST

LENGTH: 3271 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Actor Ricardo Montalban, best known for his role as Mr. Roarke on "Fantasy
Island" and as the genetically engineered villain Khan in "Star Trek II: The
Wrath of Khan," died today at his home in Doheny Estates at age 88.

"Born in Mexico City, Mr. Montalban found great success in Hollywood as an
actor, appearing in more than 80 movies and television shows, perhaps most
famously in his roles on 'Fantasy Island' and 'Star Trek,"' said Los Angeles
City Councilman Eric Garcetti, who announced Montalban's death at today's
council meeting.

LOS ANGELES (CNS) - A Japanese businessman who was found dead in his jail cell
while awaiting trial in connection with the death of his wife was the prime
suspect in the 1979 killing of another woman in Los Angeles, and police said
today they would have asked prosecutors to charge him with murder for that
slaying.

Los Angeles Police Department detectives said Kazuyoshi Miura, 61, who was found
hanging in a Parker Center jail cell Oct. 10, was involved in the 1979 murder of
Chizuko Shiraishi.

PACOIMA (CNS) - A drive-by shooting in Pacoima this afternoon left one person
injured, authorities said.

The shooting was reported at 3:43 p.m. near Glenoaks Boulevard and Pierce
Street.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire

                     Copyright 2009 City News Service, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved





                               17 of 51 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2009 Business Monitor International Ltd., All
                                Rights Reserved

                          BMI Company Analysis Reports
                   Bahrain Telecommunications Report Q1 2009
                                  January 2009

TITLE: Ericsson - Q1 2009


   Company Monitor

Regional Case Study: Ericsson
Ericsson Networks Sales 2007-2008     Ericsson Networks Sales 2007-2008
Percentage Of Net Sales Q207          Percentage of Net Sales Q208

Source: Ericsson                      Source: Ericsson

   Middle East & Africa Increases its Share of Global Business  Swedish telecoms
equipment vendor Ericsson began 2008 by planning for a fairly flat growth
globally in the mobile infrastructure market and focusing on adjusting its cost
base. The company's results up to the second quarter of 2008 have borne out the
wisdom of planning for such a scenario. Net sales in Q108 were up 5% y-o-y,
showing respectable growth, but in Q208 were up only 1.9% y-o-y. Networks
continued as the most significant market segment, making up 69% of sales for
Q208, 14% of which was accounted for by network build-out. Professional services
made up 23% of total sales, and Multimedia the remaining 8%.

Table: Net Group Sales By Segment
                                    Q20 Q10 Q20 q-o-q       y-o-y change
                                    8   8   7   change
Networks Sales (SEKbn)              33. 30. 33. 11.00%      -1.19%
                                    3   0   7
Professional Services Sales (SEKbn) 11. 10. 10. 10.00%      6.80%
                                    0   0   3
Multimedia Sales (SEKbn)            4.2 4.2 3.6 0.00%       16.67%
Net Sales (SEKbn)                   48. 44. 47. 9.73%       1.89%
                                    5   2   6
Source: Ericsson

Table: Net Group Sales By Region
                      Q208 Q108 Q207 q-o-q change     y-o-y change
Western Europe        12.1 11.7 12.4 3.42%            -2.42%
CEEMEA                11.2 11.1 11.5 0.90%            -2.61%
Asia Pacific          15.8 12.9 16.6 22.48%           -4.82%
Latin America         5.0  4.2  4.1  19.05%           21.95%
North America         4.4  4.3  3.0  2.33%            46.67%
Total                 48.5 44.2 47.6 9.73%            1.89%
Source: Ericsson

   New Networks Still Providing Opportunities When the network business segment
is taken separately from Professional Services and Multimedia, Latin America and
CEE/MEA are the most significant regions, with 34% and 27% of sales,
respectively. Network roll-out typically takes about 12-15% of total networks
sales activity, and there are plenty of opportunities in this area in the Middle
East and Africa.

Ericsson Networks Sales 2007-2008
Percentage Of Net Sales Q208


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

                   Copyright 2008 MacNeil/Lehrer Productions
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 961 DOCUMENTS


                          RELIGION & ETHICS NEWSWEEKLY

Prepared by Burrelle's Information Services, which takes sole responsibility for
                           accuracy of transcription.

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

               SHOW: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly 6:00 PM EST PBS

Pope Benedict XVI calls for opening humanitarian corridors between South Ossetia
and the rest of Georgia

ANCHORS: FRED DE SAM LAZARO

LENGTH: 84  words


FRED DE SAM LAZARO, anchor:

Pope Benedict XVI added his voice to concerns for the people displaced by the
conflict between Russia and Georgia. The pontiff called for opening humanitarian
corridors between the disputed region of South Ossetia and the rest of Georgia
in order to allow burials for the dead, treatment for those wounded and the
return of an estimated 128,000 people who fled their homes. Benedict expressed
hope for a stable peace and respect for the rights of ethnic minorities in the
conflict.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Newscast

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript



                             1 of 1979 DOCUMENTS

                            Deutsche Presse-Agentur

LEADALL: Two more officials of Iraq's 55 most wanted in coalition hands

                            April 20, 2003, Sunday
                          23:22 Central European Time


Saddam Hussein's son-in-law on Sunday surrendered to an opposition group while
the U.S. Central Command said coalition forces captured Iraq's minister of
higher education and scientific research, further thinning the United States'
deck of cards depicting the 55 most wanted Iraqis.

bla bla bla bla...

SECTION: Politics

LENGTH: 1076 words

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



                               1 of 4 DOCUMENTS

                                Wirtschaftsblatt

AUFNAHME DER TUERKEI WAERE FUER DIE UNION FINANZIELL VERKRAFTBAR

                                 15. April 2003

Sylvia Maier

ORTSZEILE: Wien


Wien. Waere die Tuerkei 2001 der Europaeischen Union beigetreten, waere das Land
mit 8,2 Milliarden % der groesste Nettoempfaenger, allerdings dicht gefolgt von
Spanien (7,2 Milliarden %) und Griechenland, gewesen. Im Jahr 1998 haetten die
Nettotransfers lediglich 7,4 Milliarden % betragen.

"Die Kosten sind zwar hoch, aber nicht so astronomisch wie vielfach
kolportiert", sagt ZfT-Direktor Faruk Sen und sieht die "prinzipielle
fiskalische Machbarkeit" eines Beitritts damit untermauert.
Geruechte, wonach ein Beitritt der Union 20 Milliarden % koste, wurden auch von
EU -Haushaltskommissarin Michaela Schreyer als "voellig aus der Luft gegriffen"
zurueckgewiesen.

RUBRIK: WIRTSCHAFT UND POLITIK EUROPA; Pg. 3

LÄNGE: 382 Woerter

UPDATE: 14. April 2003

SPRACHE: German, Deutsch

HIGHLIGHT:


Ein EU-Beitritt vor zwei Jahren haette die Tuerkei zum groessten Nettoempfaenger
gemacht. Dennoch ist der finanzielle Aspekt kein Argument gegen eine Aufnahme.

GRAFIK: Die Lira hat seit der Finanzkrise 2000 drastisch an Wert verloren
Modellrechnung gibt Regierungschef Erdogan Rueckenwind: EU-Beitritt waere fuer
Union nicht zu teuer

                   Copyright 2003 Wirtschaftsblatt Verlag AG

                              17 of 1979 DOCUMENTS

                            Deutsche Presse-Agentur

Schedule for Sunday, April 20, 1400 GMT

                            April 20, 2003, Sunday
                          13:38 Central European Time


------------------------------------------------------------------ All times
GMT/ If you have any questions about the news schedule or need items repeated
please call dpa:

(0600-2000 GMT) CorkTel: 00353-21-422-3504 Fax: 422-3519 (2000-0600 GMT)
WashingtonTel: 001-202-662-1260Fax: 662-1270
--------------------------------------------------------------------

ROUNDUPS PLANNED:

Ramallah/ - Further Israeli-Palestinian violence as Palestinian Jerusalem
cabinet talks hit fresh snags (Mideast-Conflict, 2nd Roundup by 1600)

BACKGROUNDERS AND BYLINERS MOVED:

Moscow - Moscow gets ticket palpitations before McCartney gig By Nick Allen and
Andrei Sokolov (500 words/Russia-McCartney)

dpa-SPECIALS PLANNED:

Hamburg - Between the emperor's tomb and the soccer field: PC games. By Heiko
Haupt (500 words/dpa-SPECIAL-Computers)ata transmission record (210
words/dpa-SPECIAL-Computers)

-------------------------------------------------------------------- dpa
SCHEDULE dpa SCHEDULE dpa SCHEDULE dpa SCHEDULE dpa SCHEDULE dpa
-------------------------------------------------------------------- dpa ct sc


LENGTH: 641 words

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



                               6 of 21 DOCUMENTS

                                  India Today

Inside Baghdad: Vision Of Hell

BYLINE: Craig Nelson (Box by John Brittas)

SECTION: Cover Story; Pg.22

LENGTH: 3229 words

HIGHLIGHT: Amid the shroud of smoke, myths are born, others destroyed. Till the
Iraqis see Saddam teetering, they may yet defend Baghdad with their blood.

As the skies turned yellow and the streets grew slick from rain that had begun
to fall, a black-bereted soldier picked up the hand and, to the dizzying delight
of the crowd, paraded it in circles and laid it on a piece of shredded metal in
a bomb crater so it could be photographed again. "Listen Bush and Blair, we love
Saddam Hussein!" the crowd shouted as the soldier stood proudly over his trophy
of mutilated flesh.

To the south of Baghdad, the rumbling of bombs and the thundering storm grew
closer.

BOX

HOLY ORDER

In Baghdad, four nuns refuse to abandon their post-an orphanage

Ummer sings like a bird, but cannot prop himself up on his chair. Orphaned in
the 1991 war, the physically challenged boy may well have been robbed of his
songs too as shrieking bombs drown out his voice, replacing it with fear in his
eyes. Fighting the fear has not been easy-for Ummer or the 23 other orphans he
stays with-ever since the war began. But having the four nuns helps.

-John Brittas is the bureau chief of Kairali TV and was recently in Baghdad

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



                               1 of 244 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

SATIN STEEL;
Determination, commitment, and trust. Three words that sum up the work
philosophy of Lien Siou Sze, who orchestrates the running of Hewlett-Packard
Services' regional organisation with a familial, but firm hand. KENNETH JAMES
reports

                            April 19, 2003 Saturday


POWER rests easily on the slender shoulders of Lien Siou Sze. As senior
vice-president of Hewlett-Packard Services Asia Pacific.

Ms Lien, 52, is quick to put the achievements in perspective. 'First of all, I
would say that I'm not a very deliberate person. I am not very ambitious,
climbing the corporate ladder has never been my No. 1 objective in life.
Twenty-five years ago when I joined HP, did I ever imagine I'd be the head of
Asia Pacific and a senior vice-president?

SECTION: FOCUS

LENGTH: 1522 words

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              5 of 1979 DOCUMENTS

                            Deutsche Presse-Agentur

201940 GMT Apr 03 eca105 4 i 60 Iraq-War/ Report: Saddam's son-in-law
apprehended

                            April 20, 2003, Sunday
                          19:53 Central European Time

DATELINE: Washington


The son-in-law of Iraq's Saddam Hussein has been apprehended, a news report said
Sunday.

The leader of the Iraqi National Congress, Ahmed Chalabi, told Fox News that
Jamal Mustafa Abdallah Sultan al-Tikriti is in custody.

He is married to Hala, Saddam's youngest daughter. dpa vb


LENGTH: 49 words

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


                     Copyright 2003 Deutsche Presse-Agentur
                             116 of 1979 DOCUMENTS

                            Deutsche Presse-Agentur

LEADALL: Bush calls on U.N. to lift sanctions, E.U. presses for central U.N.
role

                            April 17, 2003, Thursday

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. President George W. Bush called Wednesday on the United Nations to lift
economic sanctions imposed on Iraq after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait, while the
European Union pressed for the U.N. to play a central role in the reconstruction
of the war- ravaged country.

F-15: A sophisticated air-superiority and ground attack aircraft, the F-15 will
play a key role in supporting coalition forces. COST: 43 million dollars.
LENGTH: 19.43 meters. WINGSPAN: 13.03 meters. CRUISING SPEED: 3,000 kph. CREW: 1
or 2. WEAPONS: air-to-air missiles, air-to-ground missiles, 20mm multibarrel
gun. RANGE: 5,500 km.

SECTION: Politics

LENGTH: 1122 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 Deutsche Presse-Agentur

                             1665 of 2381 DOCUMENTS

                           Copyright 2003 Le Monde
                                    Le Monde

                                  27 mars 2003

SECTION: Sports

LONGUEUR: 876 mots

TITRE: Pour l'heure, la guerre en Irak affecte peu les compétitions sportives;
Le conflit a entraîné relativement peu d'annulations d'épreuves. La Coupe des
confédérations qu'organise la France est maintenue: les Etats-Unis et la
Turquie, qui s'affronteront le 19 juin à Saint-Etienne, ont confirmé leur
participation

SIGNATURE: Gérard Davet, Fréderic Potet, Olivier Zilbertin (avec P. G à New
York)

CHAPEAU:



Les compétitions sportives sont relativement peu touchées par les effets de la
guerre en irak. La Coupe des confédérations, que la France organise du 18 au 29
juin, aura logiquement lieu avec, parmi ses participants, les états -unis et la
turquie, deux équipes qui doivent se rencontrer à Saint-Etienne, le 19 juin. Des
responsables de ces deux formations ont confirmé leur intention de se rendre en
France cet été. Aux Etats-Unis, les sportifs français ne semblent pas souffrir
d'attitudes hostiles de la part du public. Je ne suis pas un Français, je suis
un spur, a déclaré le meneur de jeu français des San Antonio Spurs, Tony Parker.
Au Qatar, qui sert de base arrière à la coalition anglo-américaine, les nombreux
entraîneurs de football français témoignent que le championnat continue comme si
presque rien n'était.

ARTICLE:



EN SPORT comme ailleurs, les Américains ne sont guère sujets au doute. Le
conflit militaire en Irak ne change donc rien à l'affaire: les Etats-Unis
entendent disputer en France, du 18 au 29 juin 2003, la Coupe des confédérations
de football.

Nous avons l'intention de venir en France, déclare au Monde Jim Moorhouse,
porte-parole de la Fédération américaine de football. Nous pensons qu'il s'agit
là d'un tournoi important. Et nous faisons confiance à l'organisation française
en matière de sécurit é.

LANGUE: FRENCH; FRANCAISE



                               28 of 28 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright © 2008 American Bar Association
               ABA Section of Public Utility, Communications and
                              Transportation Law
                                 Infrastructure

                                  Summer, 2008

                47-4 Pub. Util. Comm. & Trans. Infrastructure 3

Report on the Spring Meeting: "Innovations in Regulated Industries"

NAME: By David Predmore

BIO: David Predmore is senior principal corporate counsel for the National Rural
Electric Cooperative Association in Arlington, Virginia.

TEXT:

   During an election year in which "change" has been a central issue, the theme
of the Section's spring meeting, "Innovations in Regulated Industries," could
not have been timelier. Regardless of background, the majority of this year's
speakers advocated taking novel and proactive action in anticipation of
potential changes posed by significant regulatory or political developments and
other socioeconomic influences. The meeting, held April 7, 2008, at Pepco
Holdings' Washington, D.C., conference center, brought together distinguished
speakers from diverse backgrounds, including the chairman of the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission, engineers, general counsel, outside counsel, and other
leading private industry and regulatory experts.



                              1 of 200 DOCUMENTS


                       Copyright 2008 PCM Uitgevers B.V.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                 de Volkskrant

                               December 31, 2008
                                    woensdag

SECTION: ECONOMIE; Blz. 9

LENGTH: 353 woorden

HEADLINE: Technologie en olie geven koersen zetje;
Euronext & Beurzen Europa

BODY:

STEMMING De Europese beurzen sloten de laatste volledige handelsdag van het jaar
positief af. Op het Damrak deden vooral de fondsen die gerelateerd zijn aan de
technologische en olie-industrie het goed. In Amsterdam werd net als maandag
weinig gehandeld. Veel handelaren zijn afwezig tussen Kerst en Oud en Nieuw.

INDICES De AEX-index won 2,4procent (5,77 punten) en klom naar 246,58 punten. De
Midkap-index ging met hetzelfde percentage omhoog naar 308,24 punten. De Franse
CAC-40 won 2,8 procent, de Duitse DAX 2,2procent en de Britse FTSE-100 boekte
een winst van 1,7procent.

TECHNOLOGIEFONDSEN In Frankfurt won Infineon, de op een na grootste producent
van halfgeleiders in Europa, 16,4procent. Het aandeel heeft de afgelopen vier
dagen 45 procent gewonnen nadat dochter Qimonda, fabrikant van microchips, 325
miljoen euro noodkrediet kreeg. De Nederlandse chipmachinebouwers ASML en ASMI
stegen respectievelijk 4 en 1,8 procent.

GROOTSTE STIJGERS De fabrikant van navigatiesystemen TomTom was de grootste
stijger van de AEX: plus 6,9 procent. In de Midkap was automatiseerder Ordina
spekkoper met een winst van bijna 19 procent.

OLIE Na de forse prijsstijging van maandag daalde de olieprijs dinsdag weer. Een
vat Brent-olie werd 3 procent goedkoper en kostte 38,78 dollar. Beleggers
speculeerden dat de olievoorraden in de Verenigde Staten zich ophopen nu de
vraag door de recessie sterk afneemt. Ondanks de prijsdaling behoorden de
oliegerelateerde fondsen tot de winnaars op de beurzen. Shell, Total en BP
wonnen 1,1 tot 2,9 procent. De toeleveranciers aan de olie-industrie Fugro en
SBM Offshore stegen 5,7 en 4,4 procent.

AUTOINDUSTRIE Daimler won 4,2 procent en was daarmee koploper van de
autofabrikanten. Die profiteerden allen van de verhoogde inspanningen van de
Amerikaanse regering General Motors te redden. BMW steeg 1,5 procent.

JAARAFSLUITING Woensdag wordt het beursjaar 2008 afgesloten. De beurzen in
Europa sluiten vandaag vanwege Oudjaar al om 14.00 uur. De beurs in Frankfurt
blijft helemaal gesloten en beleefde gisteren al zijn laatste handelsdag. De
Duitse DAX-index verloor dit jaar ruim 40 procent.

LANGUAGE: DUTCH; NEDERLANDS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Krant

PUB-SUBJECT: Stock Indexes (96%); Annual Financial Results (84%)

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2008

                          Copyright 2002 De Telegraaf

                              116 of 156 DOCUMENTS

                                  De Telegraaf

                                January 29, 2002

Russen willen 'Big Brother' terug op tv

VAN ONZE CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 277 words


Van onze correspondent

MOSKOU, dinsdag

Het Kremlin mag dan volhouden dat het sluiten van de commerciele zender TV6 "een
puur zakelijke aangelegenheid is", de miljoenen voormalige kijkers en de
deelnemers van de TV6-hit 'Za Steklom, poslednij Bifteks' (Achter glas 2, de
laatste biefstuk) denken daar duidelijk anders over."Het was gewoon een politiek
besluit", zegt de 26-jarige Natasja, die het nog steeds niet kan velen dat haar
favoriete programma al een week niet meer op de buis is te zien. "Waarom heeft
Poetin TV6 niet gewoon met rust gelaten?"

'Achter glas 2, de laatste biefstuk' is de laatste Russische variant op Big
Brother, waarbij twaalf deelnemers - verdeeld over twee ploegen - dagelijks
konden worden gevolgd in hun pogingen elk een restaurant te openen. Hoofdprijs:
een eigen restaurant en eeuwige roem, te bepalen door de kijkers. De uitzending
was nog maar een paar dagen oud, toen het Kremlin de uitzendvergunning van TV6
vorige week introk.

De deelnemers van het 'reality-tv-programma' willen evenwel nog steeds van geen
wijken weten, alsof ze de realiteit simpelweg niet kunnen geloven. "We gaan
door!" besloten ze collectief, en zo worden nog dagelijks al hun verrichtingen
door een batterij van camera's vastgelegd.

De producenten van het peperdure programma hopen dat nu snel een andere
tv-zender de uitzendrechten zal kopen. De kanalen NTV plus en TNT zouden zich
inmiddels hebben gemeld. "We hebben hoop, maar er is nog niets getekend", zei
Achter Glas-woordvoerster Anastasia Perova gisteren. Inmiddels leven de twaalf
Russische jongeren onder het oog van de camera, zonder dat er ook maar een reele
kijker is.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: Dutch / Nederlands

PUB-TYPE: Paper

12 of 169 DOCUMENTS


Ad / Algemeen Dagblad

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/5597/Economie/article/detail/4274851/2016/04/03/Plofkip
-moet-ook-uit-restaurants.dhtml

3 april 2016 zondag

'Plofkip moet ook uit restaurants'

184 words


   Bewaar lees artikel Wakker Dier start nieuwe campagne De plofkip moet ook van
de menukaart in de...


                               1 of 200 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2015 De Persgroep Nederland BV
                              All Rights Reserved

                                     Trouw

                               1 mei 2015 vrijdag

SECTION: De Verdieping

LENGTH: 2013 woorden

HEADLINE: Het stoplicht omarmd

BYLINE: NICOLE BESSELINK

BODY:

interview| Dertig jaar oud is de fameuze stoplichtgrap van Herman Finkers
inmiddels en nog steeds springlevend. Sinds kort omarmt de gemeente Almelo zijn
spreuk. Als dank schreef Finkers een cd vol lofliedjes over de Twentse
provinciestad, die hij vandaag presenteert.

De bonussen van topbankiers in de eurozone stijgen dit jaar met 18 procent

Verongelijkt stelde de raad van commissarissen vast dat het 'banken bashen'
kennelijk nog niet is afgelopen




VIEW ORIGINAL PAGE: ,

GRAPHIC: Scène uit de vlijmscherpe theatershow van De Verleiders, 'Door de bank
genomen', waarin de financiële wereld het moet ontgelden. Vanaf links: Tom de
Ket, George van Houts, Pierre Bokma, Leopold Witte en Victor Löw.
foto bart maat, anp

LANGUAGE: DUTCH; NEDERLANDS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Krant

JOURNAL-CODE: Trouw

SUBJECT: Commercial Banking (92%); Takeovers (88%); Mergers & Acquisitions
(85%); Central Banks (80%)

COMPANY: RBS HOLDINGS NV (83%)

LOAD-DATE: 3 April 2015


                               1 of 200 DOCUMENTS



                          Politiken & Politiken Weekly

                             Onsdag 6. Januar 2010

Debat: På kro med racisme på værelset

BYLINE: Medhat Khattab Speciallæge

LENGTH: 850 words

OFFERROLLER: Jeg har lært at droppe og ignorere racisme, fordi risikoen for, at
den dræner mig for energi, styrke og selvtillid, er alt for stor. Og jeg ønsker
ikke at være et offer.

JEG HAR været indvandrer i Danmark i godt og vel 25 år, heraf de 20 år som dansk
statsborger, så jeg er vel kvalificeret til at udtale mig om racisme.

Kroejeren havde ganske enkelt tildelt alle kursister med danske navne de gode
luksusværelser.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: DANISH; DANSK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper
